Update wording of explanation of default Content Version Cleanup (#4500)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Data/Content-Version-Cleanup/index.md

Umbraco 9.1.0 introduced a feature to clean up historic content versions (inspired by [Our.Umbraco.UnVersion](https://our.umbraco.com/packages/website-utilities/unversion/)).

## How it works

The default cleanup policy will:
 - Not delete any versions created over the previous 4 days. The recent version history is preserved. See the `KeepAllVersionsNewerThanDays` setting.
 - 'Prune' versions 4 days after they are created. The last version of a content item saved on a particular day will be kept but earlier versions from that day will be deleted.
 - Delete all versions older than 90 days. See the `KeepLatestVersionPerDayForDays` setting.
 - Never delete any 'published' versions.
 - Never delete any specific versions marked as 'Prevent Cleanup' in the backoffice version history.

> The feature is enabled by default via configuration for new installs starting from 9.1.0 but will require to opt in for those upgrading from 9.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature is enabled by default via configuration for new installs starting from 9.1.0. It will require to opt-in for those upgrading from 9.0.0.
```

# Content Version Cleanup

> Whenever you save and publish a content item in Umbraco, then a new 'version' is created. (This is how you can rollback to a previous version) - Every saved version stores a record in the database, not only for the version, but for also for each property of the content item for that particular version, and in a multi-lingual site, further rows for each and every culture variation. Over time this amount of data can build and swallow up capacity of your SQL Server, and also slow the performance of the Umbraco backoffice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new version is created whenever you save and publish a content item in Umbraco. This is how you can roll back to a previous version. Every saved version stores a record in the database, not only for the version but also for each content item property for that version. In a multi-lingual site, further rows are added for every culture variation. Over time this amount of data can build and swallow up the capacity of your SQL Server and slow the performance of the Umbraco backoffice.
```

Umbraco 9.1.0 introduced a feature to clean up historic content versions (inspired by [Our.Umbraco.UnVersion](https://our.umbraco.com/packages/website-utilities/unversion/)).

## How it works

The default cleanup policy will:

>  - not delete any versions created over the previous 4 days, recent version history is preserved. (KeepAllVersionsNewerThanDays setting)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - not delete any versions created over the previous 4 days. The recent version history is preserved. See the `KeepAllVersionsNewerThanDays` setting.
```

>  - versions created after 4 days will be 'pruned', the last version of a content item saved on a particular day will be kept, but earlier versions from that day will be deleted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - versions created after 4 days will be 'pruned'. The last version of a content item saved on a particular day will be kept but earlier versions from that day will be deleted.
```

>  - delete all versions older than 90 days (KeepLatestVersionPerDayForDays setting)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - delete all versions older than 90 days. See the `KeepLatestVersionPerDayForDays` setting.
```

>  - Never delete any 'published' versions!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Never delete any 'published' versions.
```

>  - Never delete any specific versions marked as 'Prevent Cleanup' in the backoffice version history

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Never delete any specific versions marked as 'Prevent Cleanup' in the backoffice version history.
```

        "ContentVersionCleanupPolicy": {
          "EnableCleanup": true,
          "KeepLatestVersionPerDayForDays": 90,
          "KeepAllVersionsNewerThanDays": 4
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> For those sites with stricter requirements (or those who do not want the feature) it is possible to opt out of both optoins globally 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For sites with stricter requirements (or those who do not want the feature), it is possible to opt-out of both options globally 
```
